chore(doc): doc for custom subcommands look up. (#13203)
rust-lang/cargo: src/doc/src/reference/external-tools.md

`cargo-${command}`. The external tool must be present in one of the user's
`$PATH` directories.

> > Note: By default, Cargo invokes custom subcommand in `$CARGO_HOME/bin`
> > instead of `$PATH`. If you want to change this behavior, you can put
> > `$CARGO_HOME/bin` in `$PATH` to control the precedence.

Reviewer: "instead of" doesn't convey the precedence. How about this?

```suggestion
> **Note**: Cargo defaults to prioritizing external tools in `$CARGO_HOME/bin`
> over `$PATH`. Users can override this precedence by adding `$CARGO_HOME/bin`
> to `$PATH`.
```

Author: I've used what you suggested and it looks pretty good without any grammar problems

`cargo-${command}`. The external tool must be present in one of the user's
`$PATH` directories.

> > Note: Cargo looks for custom subcommands in `$PATH `and then `$CARGO_HOME/bin`, 

Reviewer: This seems a bit incorrect. I may emphasize two things:

* By default, tools in `$CARGO_HOME/bin` take precedence over tools in `$PATH`.
* Users can put `$CARGO_HOME/bin` in `$PATH` to control the precedence.

Author: > By default, tools in $CARGO_HOME/bin take precedence over tools in $PATH.

Yes, Indeed.

Author: I've polished the description to the best of my ability, hoping to get it right.
